JP-3243 Sigma clip Jump Detection (#7609)
spacetelescope/jwst: CHANGES.rst

- Removed use of deprecated ``stdatamodels.jwst.datamodels.DataModel`` class from
  all steps and replaced it with ``stdatamodels.jwst.datamodels.JwstDataModel``. [#7571]

> - Added two new header keywords to track the rate of cosmic rays and snowball/showers [#3263]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added two new header keywords to track the rate of cosmic rays and snowball/showers
  [#7609, spacetelescope/stdatamodels#173]
```

- Added log messages for reporting flat reference file(s) used. [#7606]

jump
----

- Updated the code to handle the switch to sigma clipping for exposures with
  at least 101 integrations. Three new parameters were added to the jump step to
  control this process.
  Also, updated the code to enter the values for the cosmic ray rate and the
  snowball/shower rate into the FITS header.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [#7609, spacetelescope/stcal#174]

```
